This is probably a good place for a `Home.yml` & `Home/` folder _(under which might appear "Agenda.yml&/," "Not Found.yml&/," "Sponsors.yml&/," "Venue.yml&/," "Workshops.yml&/," etc. if this were the Sugcon project)_.

* The `ID: ` GUID of `Home.yml`, `Home/Agenda.yml`, etc. will be `sitecore.route.itemId` in the Layout Service for `/`, `/Agenda`, etc.
* The `Template: ` GUID cross-reference within these .yml pages will be `sitecore.route.itemId` in the corresponding Layout Service data.
* I still have to figure out where `sitecore.route.layoutId` value comes from.
    * It [looks like](https://github.com/horizontalintegration/sugcon-na-2023-typescript/blob/f000b9641fd2270d368caffbdd1f37667464c5d6/src/rendering/src/.generated/Foundation.JssExperienceAccelerator.model.ts#L1862) `e4e11508-04a4-4b0b-a263-5201f811c9cd` is another magic SXA GUID that your own layout YAML files _(e.g. whose `ID: ` GUID that you set appears here)_ can use as a `Template: ` value or something, though.
        * Tip:  to clump your own layout YAML files within the authoring UI, you can give them a parent, grandparent, etc. whose `Template: ` is `93227c5d-4fef-474d-94c0-f252ec8e8219` _([Layout Folder](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Rocks/blob/master/src/Sitecore.Rocks/id.xml))_.  The topmost YAML file of all these Layout Folder Definition Items ancestors should be yet another Sitecore-builtin _(also a Layout Folder Definition Item)_ GUID of `10335194-8652-470a-9445-fd7c4fb21b4e` _("[Sitecore Platform Foundation Layout](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore.Demo.Platform/blob/1691cebd27decf4c2a52f39670109325643caea7/src/items/Foundation.Serialization.Foundation.Layout/Foundation.yml#L4)"; it's already got a `Path: /sitecore/layout/Layouts/Foundation`)_
            * So, by the time you've created your own `Some Layoutey Filename.yaml` file whose ID mysteriously turns into `sitecore.route.layoutId`, it'll have `Path: /sitecore/layout/Layouts/Foundation/maybe a grandparent layout folder/maybe a parent layout folder/Some Layoutey Filename` in it, if you architect it this way.

`f1a1fe9e-a60c-4ddb-a3a0-bb5b29fe732e` [seems](https://github.com/jerrong/Sitecore-Item-Buckets/blob/3e99b7a7c97fc97e046a93dbe1ee9344106558fb/src/ItemBucket.Core/sitecore/content/Applications/WebEdit.item#L27) to be a built-in GUID that means "__Renderings"

Okay, so ... the reason I couldn't figure it out, at first, is that the example `Home/Agenda.yml` style file I was looking at had a `Template: ` GUID that included some other `__Base template` cross-references.  That template, in turn, had a `__Renderings` value of `<r xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"><d id="{FE5D7FDF-89C0-4D99-9AA3-B5FBD009C9F3}"l="{TADA-FOUND-THE-sitecore.route.layoutId-VALUE}" /></r>` _(that's the default device ID as the first GUID)_